# Notes 15 Aug 2017

## In-Code Thoughts

- The car state is easy but we do not yet know if the motors will need incremental updates or if they will support being overwritten with new values every time.  I hope for the latter.

- We are going to use JSON for the protocol format for now, it's a little slower but much easier to debug.  On the whole, we can slow the car down so it handles these things.

- I created some helper functions for incrementing engine speeds, these may come in handy in lieu of waiting ages and then refactoring a bunch of machine code out when we have to multiply every value by 0.9 or something.

- The websocket protocol will probably have to be re-written at some point.

## Sample Messages

Turn left
```
{
    "purpose": "turn",
    "direction": "left",
    "value": 5
}
```

Increase speed in both motors
```
{
    "purpose": "speed",
    "left": True,
    "right": True,
    "value": 5
}
```

Decrease speed in left motor
```
{
    "purpose": "speed",
    "left": True,
    "right": False,
    "value": -10 
}
```


## Some Thoughts for Future Dev

- There is a lot of boilerplate code I'm writing here.  I am hopeful it's just standard junk but look forward to hiding it under some layers of abstraction in the future.
- Testing is really important, especially as a server receiving things
- Timing - when the clock ticks and how often we get a refresh on the physical vehicle - will become an issue at some point
- The physical model still has to be worked out


## Next Steps

- [ ] Create a callback to the physical state
- [ ] Do more research on ESCs and motors
- [ ] Create a framework for logging things out to file
- [ ] Create an endpoint to return last n states of the vehicle
- [ ] Create a health check
- [ ] *easy* do the inc/dec speed work on the websocket handler
- [ ] Return a health check with every command
- [ ] **front end** needs much research and work
